The purpose of this assignment is to demonstrate that you can create a basic program which utilizes a proper format, comments, accepts user input from the console,
and generates a usable response to the user. You should assume that the user is not a developer and does not have access to your code.

Using comments, create a header at the top of the program indicating the purpose of the program, assignment number, and your name. Refer to the Submission
Instructions for an example of an acceptable header.
Use a print statement to print a welcome message for your user.
Retrieve the company name from the user using input().
Retrieve the number of feet of fiber optic cable to be installed from the user using input().
Calculate the installation cost of fiber optic cable by multiplying the number of feet requested by the user by $.95 per foot.
Print a receipt for the user including the company name, number of feet of fiber to be installed, and total cost in a legible format.
Consider a receipt that you may receive when making a purchase.
Include appropriate comments throughout the program.
Your program should adhere to PEP8 guidelines including meaningful variable names.
Save your program with a meaningful filename such as lastname_week1.py.
Must use good coding practices.


Programming Assignment Submission Instructions
Every one of your programs should contain a header that provides some basic information
about what the program does. For this class here is the minimum of what I’d expect to see. As
you take your skills into the workforce many firms require header templates that you must use.
This is imperative for consistency. Many firms will also require that your document changes via
comments as well. I’ve provided an example of that below as well. This serves as a mechanism
to easily track changes, so you can see what has changed and who made the change.
Basic Program header:
• #DSC 510
• #Week 2
• #Programming Assignment Week 2
• #Author Catie Williams
• #8/4/2024
Change Control Log:
• #Change#:1
• #Change(s) Made: Added error handling to check for invalid
input lines 34-38 added
• #Date of Change: 8/10/2024
• #Author: Dave Lingerfelt
• #Change Approved by: Catie Williams
• #Date Moved to Production: 8/10/2024

WEEK 3:

The purpose of the program this week is to demonstrate that you can implement “if statements” and try blocks in a program.
This program will build on what you accomplished in Week 2. Your program will calculate the cost of fiber optic cable installation by multiplying
the number of feet needed by the price per foot. The price per foot will be dependent on how many feet requested by the user.
Using if statements, you will evaluate a bulk discount. You will prompt the user for the number of fiber optic cable
they need installed. Using the default value of $.95 per foot calculate the total expense for any number of
feet up to and including 100 feet. If the user purchases more than 100 feet they are charged $0.85 per foot.
If the user purchases more than 250 feet they will be charged $0.75 per foot. If they purchase more than 500 feet, they will be charged $0.55 per foot.



Your program must have a header.
Your program must adhere to PEP8 guidelines especially as it pertains to variable names.
Display a welcome message for your program.
Retrieve the company name from the user.
Retrieve the number of feet of fiber optic cable to be installed from the user.
Evaluate the total cost based upon the number of feet requested, keeping in mind that the cost per foot will depend on the number of feet requested.
Print a receipt for the user including the company name, number of feet of fiber to be installed, and total cost in a legible format.
Your program must use try blocks to catch any ValueError exceptions as you convert user input to a numeric value.
Must use good coding practices.


WEEK 4:

The purpose of this week’s assignment is to demonstrate that you can successfully create a main method and an additional
function to perform the cost calculation. We will continue to modify our program from Week 2 and Week 3 by adding a new
function to perform the calculation and by adding a main method which will serve as the entry point to the program’s execution.



Modify your If Statement program from Week 3 to include a main function which will encompass
the majority of the logic for this program. All code should be within a function.
Modify your IF Statement program to add a cost calculation function. This function will perform the
cost calculation only. The function will have two parameters (feet and price per foot). When you call the function,
you will pass two arguments to the function: feet of fiber to be installed and the cost. Remember that price is
dependent on the number of feet being installed.
Your program must have the following elements:
A header
A welcome message
A main method
A cost calculation function with two parameters and a proper call to this function from within main
The application must calculate the cost based upon the number of feet being requested by calling the cost calculation function
A receipt displaying the company name and the total calculated cost
Must use good coding practices
Must follow the function best practices